!_TAG_FILE_SORTED	2	/0=unsorted, 1=sorted, 2=foldcase/
admin	/home/charles/Programming/gitcentral/gitcentral/admin.py	/^from django.contrib import admin$/;"	i	language:Python
admin	/home/charles/Programming/gitcentral/gitcentral/urls.py	/^from django.contrib import admin$/;"	i	language:Python
ALLOWED_HOSTS	/home/charles/Programming/gitcentral/gitcentral/settings.py	/^ALLOWED_HOSTS = []$/;"	v	language:Python
AllRepoListView	/home/charles/Programming/gitcentral/gitcentral/views.py	/^class AllRepoListView(ListView):$/;"	c	language:Python
AUTH_PASSWORD_VALIDATORS	/home/charles/Programming/gitcentral/gitcentral/settings.py	/^AUTH_PASSWORD_VALIDATORS = [$/;"	v	language:Python
AUTH_USER_MODEL	/home/charles/Programming/gitcentral/gitcentral/models.py	/^AUTH_USER_MODEL = getattr(settings, 'AUTH_USER_MODEL', 'auth.User')$/;"	v	language:Python
BASE_DIR	/home/charles/Programming/gitcentral/gitcentral/settings.py	/^BASE_DIR = os.path.dirname(os.path.dirname(os.path.abspath(__file__)))$/;"	v	language:Python
CreateView	/home/charles/Programming/gitcentral/gitcentral/views.py	/^from django.views.generic.edit import UpdateView, CreateView$/;"	i	language:Python
DATABASES	/home/charles/Programming/gitcentral/gitcentral/settings.py	/^DATABASES = {$/;"	v	language:Python
DEBUG	/home/charles/Programming/gitcentral/gitcentral/settings.py	/^DEBUG = True$/;"	v	language:Python
DetailView	/home/charles/Programming/gitcentral/gitcentral/views.py	/^from django.views.generic import ListView, DetailView$/;"	i	language:Python
fields	/home/charles/Programming/gitcentral/gitcentral/views.py	/^    fields = ('name', 'public',)$/;"	v	language:Python	class:RepoCreateView
form_valid	/home/charles/Programming/gitcentral/gitcentral/views.py	/^    def form_valid(self, form):$/;"	m	language:Python	class:RepoCreateView
get_object	/home/charles/Programming/gitcentral/gitcentral/views.py	/^	def get_object(self):$/;"	m	language:Python	class:RepoDetailView
get_object_or_404	/home/charles/Programming/gitcentral/gitcentral/models.py	/^from django.shortcuts import get_object_or_404$/;"	i	language:Python
get_object_or_404	/home/charles/Programming/gitcentral/gitcentral/views.py	/^from django.shortcuts import render, get_object_or_404$/;"	i	language:Python
get_queryset	/home/charles/Programming/gitcentral/gitcentral/views.py	/^    def get_queryset(self):$/;"	m	language:Python	class:AllRepoListView
get_queryset	/home/charles/Programming/gitcentral/gitcentral/views.py	/^    def get_queryset(self):$/;"	m	language:Python	class:RepoListView
get_relative_path	/home/charles/Programming/gitcentral/gitcentral/models.py	/^    def get_relative_path(self):$/;"	m	language:Python	class:Repo
get_repo_path	/home/charles/Programming/gitcentral/gitcentral/models.py	/^    def get_repo_path(repo):$/;"	m	language:Python	class:Repo
get_success_url	/home/charles/Programming/gitcentral/gitcentral/views.py	/^    def get_success_url(self):$/;"	m	language:Python	class:RepoCreateView
git	/home/charles/Programming/gitcentral/gitcentral/models.py	/^import git$/;"	i	language:Python
GIT_ROOT	/home/charles/Programming/gitcentral/gitcentral/settings.py	/^GIT_ROOT = os.path.join(BASE_DIR, 'repos')$/;"	v	language:Python
INSTALLED_APPS	/home/charles/Programming/gitcentral/gitcentral/settings.py	/^INSTALLED_APPS = [$/;"	v	language:Python
key	/home/charles/Programming/gitcentral/gitcentral/models.py	/^    key = models.TextField()$/;"	v	language:Python	class:Key
Key	/home/charles/Programming/gitcentral/gitcentral/models.py	/^class Key(models.Model):$/;"	c	language:Python
LANGUAGE_CODE	/home/charles/Programming/gitcentral/gitcentral/settings.py	/^LANGUAGE_CODE = 'en-us'$/;"	v	language:Python
ListView	/home/charles/Programming/gitcentral/gitcentral/views.py	/^from django.views.generic import ListView, DetailView$/;"	i	language:Python
MIDDLEWARE_CLASSES	/home/charles/Programming/gitcentral/gitcentral/settings.py	/^MIDDLEWARE_CLASSES = [$/;"	v	language:Python
model	/home/charles/Programming/gitcentral/gitcentral/views.py	/^	model = Repo$/;"	v	language:Python	class:RepoDetailView
model	/home/charles/Programming/gitcentral/gitcentral/views.py	/^    model = Repo$/;"	v	language:Python	class:AllRepoListView
model	/home/charles/Programming/gitcentral/gitcentral/views.py	/^    model = Repo$/;"	v	language:Python	class:RepoCreateView
model	/home/charles/Programming/gitcentral/gitcentral/views.py	/^    model = Repo$/;"	v	language:Python	class:RepoListView
models	/home/charles/Programming/gitcentral/gitcentral/models.py	/^from django.db import models$/;"	i	language:Python
name	/home/charles/Programming/gitcentral/gitcentral/models.py	/^    name = models.CharField(max_length=255)$/;"	v	language:Python	class:Repo
os	/home/charles/Programming/gitcentral/gitcentral/models.py	/^import os$/;"	i	language:Python
os	/home/charles/Programming/gitcentral/gitcentral/settings.py	/^import os$/;"	i	language:Python
owner	/home/charles/Programming/gitcentral/gitcentral/models.py	/^    owner = models.ForeignKey(AUTH_USER_MODEL)$/;"	v	language:Python	class:Key
owner	/home/charles/Programming/gitcentral/gitcentral/models.py	/^    owner = models.ForeignKey(AUTH_USER_MODEL)$/;"	v	language:Python	class:Repo
owner	/home/charles/Programming/gitcentral/gitcentral/models.py	/^    owner = models.ForeignKey(AUTH_USER_MODEL)$/;"	v	language:Python	class:RepoPermission
path	/home/charles/Programming/gitcentral/gitcentral/models.py	/^    path = models.CharField(max_length=255)$/;"	v	language:Python	class:Repo
permission	/home/charles/Programming/gitcentral/gitcentral/models.py	/^    permission = models.IntegerField(default=0)$/;"	v	language:Python	class:RepoPermission
permissions	/home/charles/Programming/gitcentral/gitcentral/views.py	/^	permissions = RepoPermission.objects.filter(owner=self.request.user)$/;"	v	language:Python	class:AllRepoListView
permissions	/home/charles/Programming/gitcentral/gitcentral/views.py	/^	permissions = RepoPermission.objects.filter(owner=self.request.user)$/;"	v	language:Python	class:RepoListView
post_save	/home/charles/Programming/gitcentral/gitcentral/models.py	/^from django.db.models.signals import post_save$/;"	i	language:Python
public	/home/charles/Programming/gitcentral/gitcentral/models.py	/^    public = models.BooleanField(default=True)$/;"	v	language:Python	class:Repo
Q	/home/charles/Programming/gitcentral/gitcentral/views.py	/^from django.db.models import Q$/;"	i	language:Python
receiver	/home/charles/Programming/gitcentral/gitcentral/models.py	/^from django.dispatch import receiver$/;"	i	language:Python
render	/home/charles/Programming/gitcentral/gitcentral/views.py	/^from django.shortcuts import render, get_object_or_404$/;"	i	language:Python
repo	/home/charles/Programming/gitcentral/gitcentral/models.py	/^    repo = models.ForeignKey('gitcentral.Repo')$/;"	v	language:Python	class:RepoPermission
Repo	/home/charles/Programming/gitcentral/gitcentral/models.py	/^class Repo(models.Model):$/;"	c	language:Python
RepoCreateView	/home/charles/Programming/gitcentral/gitcentral/views.py	/^class RepoCreateView(CreateView):$/;"	c	language:Python
RepoDetailView	/home/charles/Programming/gitcentral/gitcentral/views.py	/^class RepoDetailView(DetailView):$/;"	c	language:Python
RepoListView	/home/charles/Programming/gitcentral/gitcentral/views.py	/^class RepoListView(ListView):$/;"	c	language:Python
RepoPermission	/home/charles/Programming/gitcentral/gitcentral/models.py	/^class RepoPermission(models.Model):$/;"	c	language:Python
repo_pre_save	/home/charles/Programming/gitcentral/gitcentral/models.py	/^def repo_pre_save(sender, instance, created, raw, **kwargs):$/;"	f	language:Python
reverse	/home/charles/Programming/gitcentral/gitcentral/views.py	/^from django.core.urlresolvers import reverse$/;"	i	language:Python
ROOT_URLCONF	/home/charles/Programming/gitcentral/gitcentral/settings.py	/^ROOT_URLCONF = 'gitcentral.urls'$/;"	v	language:Python
SECRET_KEY	/home/charles/Programming/gitcentral/gitcentral/settings.py	/^SECRET_KEY = '$8$)za+jonf_&q--&3l*s5u%)6sm2m#d-dxe3km%32_qg0gj@a'$/;"	v	language:Python
settings	/home/charles/Programming/gitcentral/gitcentral/models.py	/^from django.conf import settings$/;"	i	language:Python
slugify	/home/charles/Programming/gitcentral/gitcentral/models.py	/^from django.template.defaultfilters import slugify$/;"	i	language:Python
STATIC_URL	/home/charles/Programming/gitcentral/gitcentral/settings.py	/^STATIC_URL = '\/static\/'$/;"	v	language:Python
TEMPLATES	/home/charles/Programming/gitcentral/gitcentral/settings.py	/^TEMPLATES = [$/;"	v	language:Python
TIME_ZONE	/home/charles/Programming/gitcentral/gitcentral/settings.py	/^TIME_ZONE = 'UTC'$/;"	v	language:Python
unicode_literals	/home/charles/Programming/gitcentral/gitcentral/models.py	/^from __future__ import unicode_literals$/;"	i	language:Python
UpdateView	/home/charles/Programming/gitcentral/gitcentral/views.py	/^from django.views.generic.edit import UpdateView, CreateView$/;"	i	language:Python
url	/home/charles/Programming/gitcentral/gitcentral/urls.py	/^from django.conf.urls import url$/;"	i	language:Python
urlpatterns	/home/charles/Programming/gitcentral/gitcentral/urls.py	/^urlpatterns = [$/;"	v	language:Python
User	/home/charles/Programming/gitcentral/gitcentral/views.py	/^from django.contrib.auth.models import User$/;"	i	language:Python
user_can_read	/home/charles/Programming/gitcentral/gitcentral/models.py	/^    def user_can_read(self, user):$/;"	m	language:Python	class:Repo
USE_I18N	/home/charles/Programming/gitcentral/gitcentral/settings.py	/^USE_I18N = True$/;"	v	language:Python
USE_L10N	/home/charles/Programming/gitcentral/gitcentral/settings.py	/^USE_L10N = True$/;"	v	language:Python
USE_TZ	/home/charles/Programming/gitcentral/gitcentral/settings.py	/^USE_TZ = True$/;"	v	language:Python
WSGI_APPLICATION	/home/charles/Programming/gitcentral/gitcentral/settings.py	/^WSGI_APPLICATION = 'gitcentral.wsgi.application'$/;"	v	language:Python
__unicode__	/home/charles/Programming/gitcentral/gitcentral/models.py	/^    def __unicode__(self):$/;"	m	language:Python	class:Repo	file:
